Add "workload" to glossary (#12622)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/workload.md

---
title: Workload
id: workload
date: 2019-02-12
full_link: /docs/concepts/workloads/
short_description: >

>   A set of applications for processing information to serve a user need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A set of applications for processing information to serve a purpose that is valuable to a single user or group of users.
```

aka:
tags:
- workload
---

> A workload consists of a system of services or applications that can run to fulfil a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workload consists of a system of services or applications that can run to fulfill a
```
